## Problem A - [Ameba](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc274/tasks/abc274_c)
<details>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>
Amoeba A sub i splits into ameobas 2i and 2i + 1. In other words, the index of the value in the input (i) indicates which new amoeba it splits into, and the value given in the input (A sub i) indicates the original amoeba that it splits from.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 2</summary>
The children amoeba that the parent amoeba are one generation down the line from the original amoeba, so their generation is equal to the generation of the parent amoeba + 1.
</details>

## Problem B - [Counting Squares](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc275/tasks/abc275_c)

<details>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>
Given 2 points, we can find 2 other points that are needed to make a square.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 2</summary>
The input size is so small (10 * 10 = 100 points) that it is possible to iterate over every set of two points.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 3</summary>
The two other points can be found using the difference in x and y between the first two points (probably fiddle around with this on paper, I'm not sure how to explain the process). There's actually two different sets of two points that will complete the square, depending on whether you rotate the original line segment clockwise or counterclockwise.
</details>
<details>
<summary>Hint 4</summary>
Make sure you aren't counting the same square multiple times.
</details>

## Problem C - [digitnum](https://atcoder.jp/contests/abc238/tasks/abc238_c)

<details>
<summary>Hint 1</summary>
f(1) = 1, f(2) = 2, f(3) = 3 etc... f(9) = 9, so the sum of all f(x) from x=1 to x=9 is equal to 1+2+3...+9. This can be found using the formula for the sum of an arithmetic sequence: (lowest number + highest number) \* (number of numbers in the sequence / 2). Substituting in the values for this case, it would look like (1 + 9) \* (9 / 2) = 45.
</details>

<details>
<summary>Hint 2</summary>
f(1) = 1, f(10) = 1, f(100) = 1, f(1000) = 1, f(10000) = 1, etc...
</details>

<details>
<summary>Hint 3</summary>
Sample case 2 (where n=238) can be broken down like this: the sum of all f(x) from x=1 to x=9 + the sum of all f(x) from x=10 to x=99 + the sum of all f(x) from x=100 to x=238.
</details>
